README.md, before:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories


#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [X] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [X] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

<blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/jui58CG"  ><a href="//imgur.com/a/jui58CG">Flix Gif</a></blockquote>


### Notes
Only challenge encountered during this project was installing cocoapods as the M1 download instructions were not functioning properly. However, I utilized this post where the 2nd tip helped me successfully install my pod: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68553842/error-installing-a-pod-bus-error-at-0x00000001045b8000/70581304#70581304.

Commit message:

part 2 of the read md added

README.md, after:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

## Flix Part 2

### User Stories

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (5pts) User can tap a cell to see more details about a particular movie.
- [X] (5pts) User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pts) User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie.
- [ ] (2pts) In the detail view, when the user taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer.

### App Walkthrough GIF

![](https://i.imgur.com/KGvuoBD.gif)

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories


#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [X] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [X] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [X] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

![](https://i.imgur.com/IM8ZSi7.gif)


### Notes
Only challenge encountered during this project was installing cocoapods as the M1 download instructions were not functioning properly. However, I utilized this post where the 2nd tip helped me successfully install my pod: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68553842/error-installing-a-pod-bus-error-at-0x00000001045b8000/70581304#70581304.
